Ok, I'll go to work.
Isn't it bad that Mr. Chen doesn't let them rehearse?
The time left by our program team for the players is
one
They don't prepare it themselves.
Derailed our airtime
But we can't anymore
But but
Today's top 10 hits at Waletan
The award selection team will be here soon
If you let them know about it
Your dad will have a big impact on our show
What if they
These people
That hit is the hottest news in the music industry
The leader of the selection team
But in the music world
Famous musicians who have occupied the country for ten years
I heard that he was a disciple trained by the masked song god himself
Mr. Chen, you are looking for
I can get out of so many companies
It's all about connections.
strength
And background
The head of the evaluation team values me very much
To my company
Also very helpful
Mr. Chen has such a powerful network of contacts
This year's top 10 Golden Melody Awards
Take advantage of the reputation of this selection patriarch
In addition to Miss Jiang's excellent singing
The award for best female singer
So I nod my head.
Mr. Chen, my affairs after that
I'll bother you a lot.
Don't worry, as long as the selection director says a word
You are today's frozen frame
Just got the news.
Zhou Lilun, the leader of the enterprising selection team of the times
Will be there in person
Zhou Lielun is right
The stage for tomorrow's stars
Every year, a much-anticipated crown is selected
The military as the most influential development star
He is also one of the winners of the top ten songs.
The songs he wrote?
It was also one of the top ten hits of the year
The leader of this selection team
Zhou Lielun, who is also the most influential in the Chinese music industry
Although it has faded off the stage
But as the top judge
All the players want his approval
Because the players know
Even without the crown
Army, but with Zhou Lielun's affirmation
You will definitely be a true star of tomorrow
And will get the highest topic of conversation
After so many years, he still has the top ten hits
Mr. Zhu